fix "end of buffer exception" for feature with no commands (#61)
mapbox/vector-tile: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

# 1.0.4

> - Limit rare situation where a feature with no commands would trigger an underflow while decoding a vetor tile's geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent rare situation where a feature with a command count of 0 would trigger an underflow while decoding a vector tile's geometry.
```

Author: 👍 https://github.com/mapbox/vector-tile/pull/61/commits/fcb9479e5d8b6be67bf2fe99de3fab9107c321a9
